c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SplitString\SplitString\bin\Debug\SplitString.exe.config
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SplitString\SplitString\bin\Debug\SplitString.exe
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SplitString\SplitString\bin\Debug\SplitString.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SplitString\SplitString\bin\Debug\SplitString.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SplitString\SplitString\obj\Debug\SplitString.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SplitString\SplitString\obj\Debug\SplitString.Form1.resources
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SplitString\SplitString\obj\Debug\SplitString.Resources.resources
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SplitString\SplitString\obj\Debug\SplitString.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SplitString\SplitString\obj\Debug\SplitString.exe
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SplitString\SplitString\obj\Debug\SplitString.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SplitString\SplitString\obj\Debug\SplitString.pdb
C:\Users\asus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SplitString\SplitString\bin\Debug\SplitString.exe.manifest
C:\Users\asus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SplitString\SplitString\bin\Debug\SplitString.application
C:\Users\asus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SplitString\SplitString\obj\Debug\SplitString.exe.manifest
C:\Users\asus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SplitString\SplitString\obj\Debug\SplitString.application
C:\Users\asus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SplitString\SplitString\obj\Debug\SplitString.fullmap.resources
C:\Users\asus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SplitString\SplitString\obj\Debug\SplitString.adminmode.resources
C:\Users\asus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SplitString\SplitString\obj\Debug\SplitString.Add_tracker.resources
C:\Users\asus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SplitString\SplitString\obj\Debug\SplitString.Login.resources
C:\Users\asus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SplitString\SplitString\obj\Debug\SplitString.Port.resources
C:\Users\asus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SplitString\SplitString\obj\Debug\SplitString.Edit.resources
C:\Users\asus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SplitString\SplitString\obj\Debug\SplitString.splashscreen.resources
